Generic season index - no season is length 0 (#1845)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGELOG.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* As updated in ``cf_xarray>=0.9.3``, dimensionless quantities now use the "1" units attribute as specified by the CF conventions, previously an empty string was returned. (:pull:`1814`).

Breaking changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Definition of the ``frost_free_season_start`` and ``frost_free_season_end`` have been slightly changed to be coherent with the ``frost_free_season_length`` and xclim's notion of `season` in general. Indicator and indices signature have changed. (:pull:`1845`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The definition of the ``frost_free_season_start`` and ``frost_free_season_end`` have been slightly changed to be coherent with the ``frost_free_season_length`` and `xclim`'s notion of `season` in general. Indicator and indices signature have changed. (:pull:`1845`).
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* Changed the French translation of "wet days" from "jours mouillés" to "jours pluvieux". (:issue:`1825`, :pull:`1826`).
* In order to adapt to changes in `pytest`, the doctest fixtures have been split from the main testing suite and doctests are now run using ``$ python -c 'from xclim.testing.utils import run_doctests; run_doctests()'``. (:pull:`1632`).

> * Added ``xclim.indices.generic.season`` to make season start, end and length indices. Added a `stat` argument to ``xclim.indices.run_length.season`` to avoid returning a dataset. (:pull:`1845`).

Reviewer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_i1xk07o4g

```suggestion
* Added ``xclim.indices.generic.season`` to make season start, end, and length indices. Added a ``stat`` argument to ``xclim.indices.run_length.season`` to avoid returning a dataset. (:pull:`1845`).
```
